# noraleilaa.github.io

 *Hello There*
 
 
  My name is Nora Alaoui, I am a recent graduate from George Mason University (GMU) with a Bachelor of Science in Psychology. And currently pursuing a Certificate in UI/UX Design from California Institute of the Arts. I am the Business Development Chair at an Untitled Beauty product startup, in which I am primarily in charge of strategies for growth and development of the business. I worked as a Research Assistant in the Social Skills Imagination Theatre lab (SSIT), that primarily researched which environment fosters the education of school aged children the best.At the SSIT lab I was delegated the task of encoding participants' responses into a database, encoding several hours of lectures, calling participants to participate in research, and contributing to discussions surrounding research. I also ran a supervised research study. I recently volunteered at SMART autism learning center in Rabat, Morocco. I helped the founders develop a growth strategy, presented specialized resources and funding opportunities aligning with the US education system. At SMART I learned the value of being able to leverage a business and to develop strategies to become a leader in Autism Education across the continent of Africa. I also worked at STEM tree, a science technology engineering and math tutoring center, creating learning materials that were distributed to further linguistics education. 
During my time at GMU I took several courses that pertain to this role including: Cognitive Psychology which looks in-depth at important topics in Cognitive Psychology such as, memory, attention, problem solving and reasoning.  Statistics level I & II both looked at how descriptive and inferential statistics are applicable in the design of research studies. Social and Well-being Psychology both courses focused on the application of cutting-edge research to internal well-being. Psychology and Technology took a look at the technologies developed to aid psychological treatment and research. Experimental Psychology took a hands-on approach to selected current human experimental research methods. Course topics included experimental design, psychophysical and physiological experimentation. Human Factor Engineering looked at optimal product and system design, also researching current methods used to analyze and redesign products and systems for optimal human interaction. At GMU I also was a Chair member of an up-and-coming on campus organization, called Patriots for Peace. This organization became GMU’s top organization under my leadership. 
I am proficient in Microsoft Office suite, Adobe suite, Google Docs, SPSS, Web content management, SharePoint, and I am able to speak Russian and French. I also have experience coding in Java, as well as Python. I also have taken courses in Machine Learning and Artificial Neural Networks.
I am eager to have the opportunity to further discuss my skills and experience and hope to talk soon.




